{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red46\green174\blue187;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c20196\c73240\c78250;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 \
\cf3 #============================== Kibana =====================================\cf2 \
\
\cf3 # Starting with Beats version 6.0.0, the dashboards are loaded via the Kibana API.\cf2 \
\cf3 # This requires a Kibana endpoint configuration.\cf2 \
setup.kibana:\
  host: "10.2.0.4:5601" # TODO: Change this to the IP address of your ELK server\
\cf3   # Kibana Host\cf2 \
\cf3   #\
#---------------------------- Elasticsearch Module ----------------------------\cf2 \
- module: elasticsearch\
\cf3   # Server log\cf2 \
  server:\
    enabled: true\
\
\cf3     # Set custom paths for the log files. If left empty,\cf2 \
\cf3     # Filebeat will choose the paths depending on your OS.\cf2 \
\cf3     #var.paths:\cf2 \
\
  gc:\
    enabled: true\
\cf3     # Set custom paths for the log files. If left empty,\cf2 \
\cf3     # Filebeat will choose the paths depending on your OS.\cf2 \
\cf3     #var.paths:\cf2 \
\
  audit:\
    enabled: true\
\cf3     # Set custom paths for the log files. If left empty,\cf2 \
\cf3     # Filebeat will choose the paths depending on your OS.\cf2 \
\cf3     #var.paths:\cf2 \
\
  slowlog:\
    enabled: true\
\cf3     # Set custom paths for the log files. If left empty,\cf2 \
\cf3     # Filebeat will choose the paths depending on your OS.\cf2 \
\cf3     #var.paths:\cf2 \
\
  deprecation:\
    enabled: true\
\cf3     # Set custom paths for the log files. If left empty,\cf2 \
\cf3     # Filebeat will choose the paths depending on your OS.\cf2 \
\cf3     #var.paths:\cf2 \
\
\cf3 #------------------------------- Haproxy Module -------------------------------\cf2 \
- module: haproxy\
\cf3   # All logs\cf2 \
  log:\
\cf3 \
#=========================== Filebeat inputs =============================\cf2 \
\
\cf3 # List of inputs to fetch data.\cf2 \
filebeat.inputs:\
\cf3 # Each - is an input. Most options can be set at the input level, so\cf2 \
\cf3 # you can use different inputs for various configurations.\cf2 \
\cf3 # Below are the input specific configurations.\cf2 \
\
\cf3 # Type of the files. Based on this the way the file is read is decided.\cf2 \
\cf3 # The different types cannot be mixed in one input\cf2 \
\cf3 #\cf2 \
\cf3 # Possible options are:\cf2 \
\cf3 # * log: Reads every line of the log file (default)\cf2 \
\cf3 # * stdin: Reads the standard in\cf2 \
\
\cf3 #------------------------------ Log input --------------------------------\cf2 \
- type: log\
\
\cf3   # Change to true to enable this input configuration.\cf2 \
  enabled: false\
\
\cf3   # Paths that should be crawled and fetched. Glob based paths.\cf2 \
\cf3   # To fetch all ".log" files from a specific level of subdirectories\cf2 \
\cf3   # /var/log/*/*.log can be used.\cf2 \
\cf3   # For each file found under this path, a harvester is started.\cf2 \
\cf3   # Make sure not file is defined twice as this can lead to unexpected behaviour.\cf2 \
  paths:\
    - /var/log/*.log\
\cf3     #- c:\\programdata\\elasticsearch\\logs\\*\
\
#-------------------------- Elasticsearch output -------------------------------\cf2 \
output.elasticsearch:\
\cf3   # Boolean flag to enable or disable the output module.\cf2 \
\cf3   #enabled: true\cf2 \
\
\cf3   # Array of hosts to connect to.\cf2 \
\cf3   # Scheme and port can be left out and will be set to the default (http and 9200)\cf2 \
\cf3   # In case you specify and additional path, the scheme is required: http://localhost:9200/path\cf2 \
\cf3   # IPv6 addresses should always be defined as: https://[2001:db8::1]:9200\cf2 \
  hosts: ["10.2.0.4:9200"]\
  username: "elastic"\
  password: "changeme" # TODO: Change this to the password you set\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
 Elasticsearch template settings\cf2 \
setup.template.settings:\
\
\
\cf3 \
\
 If enabled, Filebeat periodically logs its internal metrics that have changed\cf2 \
\cf3 # in the last period. For each metric that changed, the delta from the value at\cf2 \
\cf3 # the beginning of the period is logged. Also, the total values for\cf2 \
\cf3 # all non-zero internal metrics are logged on shutdown. The default is true.\cf2 \
\cf3 #logging.metrics.enabled: true\cf2 \
\
\cf3 # The period after which to log the internal metrics. The default is 30s.\cf2 \
\cf3 #logging.metrics.period: 30s\cf2 \
\
\cf3 # Logging to rotating files. Set logging.to_files to false to disable logging to\cf2 \
\cf3 # files.\cf2 \
logging.to_files: true\
logging.files:\
\cf3   # Configure the path where the logs are written. The default is the logs directory\cf2 \
\cf3   # under the home path (the binary location).\cf2 \
\cf3   #path: /var/log/filebeat\cf2 \
\
}